I albam
is the spokesman for the interior
Minister uh interior Ministry of Gaza a
short while ago he described the extent
of the damage caused by the Israeli
attack on jabalia
Camp one ton of explosives to
destroy block six in jabalia refugee
camp
completely this District consists of
houses and buildings next to each other
and they are
old and they include and they host
hundreds of citizens the occupation War
PL have
destroyed this District completely with
six us made bombs thrown to these places
thrown on these people and every single
one in this District have lost the life
and have been
wounded our correspondent yum Al say
joins us now on the phone from northern
Gaza yumna we're seeing pictures of the
devastated area in and around uh the
Indonesian Hospital in central Gaza what
more are you hearing locally on the
ground well Sahel it's been over 24
hours continuously that the bombardments
across the Gaza trip have been
Relentless uh from the air from the sea
and from the land all we can hear and
see in the skies of Gaza is the sound of
war jets missiles and smoke billowing
from the sky we can still hear the sound
of tanks that uh keep on shelling every
now and then of course the massive
massacre in jabalia a refugee camp today
was the largest uh from these bombings
that have taken place in the Gaza Strip
today in the northern part uh over 20
homes were uh bombarded in that uh in
that bombardment uh and also a mosque uh
the Indonesian uh uh director of the
Indonesian Hospital says that until this
moment over 400 casualties have uh been
received in the hospital between killed
and injured he said that until now 100
people have been uh completely have been
U um killed and taken their their foot
just there outside of course we're not
talking about morgs anymore because
they're completely filled up but the
situation at the Indonesian Hospital
which has run out of fuel days ago is
catastrophic the patients and the
injured are all on the ground of the
hospital they're on the floors of the
hospital there are no beds to take them
that a huge number of uh casualties and
and injured brought to the hospital of
course the hospital suffers also from
the lack of medications uh medical staff
and and all medical resources and with
such difficult circumstances in such
Massacre with great numbers of
casualties coming to the hospital it's
impossible for these team to to operate
and to save the injured that are brought
to the hospital every now and then but
this is not the only Massacre soale that
has happened today in the Gaza Strip
just half an hour ago almost half an
hour ago another Massacre
inat refugee camp that's in the central
part of the G where a residential Tower
was completely bombarded over 20 people
have been pronounced killed they were
taken to uh ala martyr hospital and
dozens of other injured are still being
brought from under the rubble in these
instance as we
see y Ela thanks very much for the
update there from you let's uh go back
to safat aluda correspondent tuing Gaza
safat we're seeing pictures of the
devastated area in the middle of Jaa
Camp uh there the dead and injured
certainly been taken to the adjacent
Indonesian hospital as many as what 400
injured over 100 dead as far as the
Director of the hospital is saying what
more are you
hearing yes have still STI with the
figure that the Ministry of Health is
providing and uh the statement of the
minister of interior who believe that
there are still more people under the
rubel we could see uh pictures for
trying to uh pick up as much as they
could from the rubble to serve to to
save uh the people who are still there
uh I I by the way I am from jabalia
refug and I was born and grown up there
I know what does it mean to to bombard a
residential area with six mile according
to the ministry VOR big mile each weighs
1,000 kilogram of exclusive at a very
densely populated area as as I mentioned
ja Refuge Camp is one of the most deely
populated areas in the world and there
it's 1 kilomet square for a house for
120,000 refugees living there these
houses as I said these houses are very
simpal houses and six Rockets are are
enough to raise or to destroy an entire
residential uh area as we saw in the
pictures coming from that place still
the the thean hospital uh is still
trying to to deal with the the huge
number of the injuries that have been
arriving to to the hospital until now
just saf you say you know this area very
well you're raised in jabalia uh refugee
camp Camp just explain to us about this
area that is adjacent to the hospital we
are expecting the Israelis to say this
was a legitimate Target please describe
to us exactly the types of buildings
that are here and the types of people
that live
here the people who live in jabalia and
other seven uh refugee camps all over
the grip are refugees who were expelled
from their original Village and cities
uh
1948 which what they call it the N now
even when they the Israelis asked them
by the way to leave they said okay to
get this place they said this will be
another n and many of them they decid to
stay anyway back to uh the refugees who
are living there um in Gaza most twoth
third of the population are refugees by
the way distributed in eight refugee
camps and even some of them m to to the
Gaza City and other cities anyhow still
most of the houses or homes in in theug
Camp all of them not only jabali are
still simple houses and with simple
roofs with the what they call
it so six TR are enough to destroy as
big and huge and vast uh area or big
area in that place so uh living there I
I still remember the The Narrow Street
the the the adjacent houses each one
each next to other to another the people
living there also they live big families
in one small house or some of them they
manag to build the second floor but
still you can find 20 people living in
one or two floor uh building in the
refugee camp and this is the case of all
the refugee camp all over the g s Del
kute thanks very much for filling in the
picture for us here uh as we see those
images from jabia refugee camp where a
short time ago the Israelis uh launched
missiles straight into this very densely
uh residential area um